Decrypted cipher text 1 (frequency):
nh o foranumlor ohd, nh eous uoie, dnwwereha goy, aseie wtmr gere nhdnifehiople at snc-ymbt ocoryl, peuomie tw sni jmnuk mhderiaohdnhb tw ase frnhunflei tw fiyustsniatry ohd tw sni ncobnhoanve frtpnhbi nhat heg oreoi. na goi utcwtranhb at khtg asoa nw ohyasnhb soffehed at ieldth sncielw pewtre ase coasecoanui tw ase wneld utmld pe utcfleaely gtrked tma- ohd stg iltgly na frtueeded, ohd stg ctmhaonhtmi ase tpiaoulei--asere gtmld oa leoia reconh the bttd cnhd asoa gtmld uthanhme ase reieorus

Decrypted cipher text 2 (frequency):
unluo fas kerb rnyh aid kerb peywlnar, aid had ueei the foider om the shnre mor snjtb bears, eker sniye hns regarvaule dnsappearaiye aid wiejpeyted retwri. the rnyhes he had urowcht uayv mrog hns trakels had iof ueyoge a loyal leceid, aid nt fas popwlarlb uelneked, fhateker the old molv gncht sab, that the hnll at uac eid fas mwll om twiiels stwmmed fnth treaswre. aid nm that fas iot eiowch mor mage, there fas also hns proloiced kncowr to garkel at. tnge fore oi, uwt nt seeged to hake lnttle emmeyt oi gr. uaccnis. at inietb he fas gwyh the sage as at mnmtb. at inietb-inie theb uecai to yall hng fell-preserked; uwt wiyhaiced fowld hake ueei iearer the garv. there fere soge that shoov thenr heads aid thowcht thns fas too gwyh om a cood thnic; nt seeged wimanr that aiboie showld possess (appareitlb) perpetwal bowth as fell as (repwtedlb) niejhawstnule fealth. nt fnll hake to ue pand mor, theb sand. nt nsi't iatwral, aid trowule fnll yoge om nt! uwt so mar trowule had iot yoge; aid as gr. uaccnis fas ceierows fnth hns goieb, gost people fere fnllnic to morcnke hng hns oddntnes aid hns cood mortwie. he reganied oi knsntnic tergs fnth hns relatnkes (ejyept, om yowrse, the sayvknlle-uaccnises), aid he had gaib dekoted adgnrers agoic the houunts om poor aid wingportait magnlnes. uwt he had io ylose mrneids, witnl soge om hns bowicer yowsnis uecai to crof wp. the eldest om these, aid unluo's makowrnte, fas bowic mrodo uaccnis. fhei unluo fas inietb-inie he adopted mrodo as hns henr, aid urowcht hng to lnke at uac eid; aid the hopes om the sayvknlle- uaccnises fere mniallb dashed. unluo aid mrodo happeied to hake the sage unrthdab, septeguer 22id. bow had uetter yoge aid lnke here, mrodo gb lad, sand unluo oie dab; aid thei fe yai yeleurate owr unrthdab-yogmortaul partnes b tocether. at that tnge mrodo fas stnll ni hns tfeeis, as the houunts yalled the nrrespoisnule tfeitnes uetfeei yhnldhood aid yognic om ace at thnrtb-three


Decrypted cipher text 1 (Key):
in a particular and, in each case, different way, these four were indispensable to him-yugo amaryl, because of his quick understanding of the principles of psychohistory and of his imaginative probings into new areas. it was comforting to know that if anything happened to seldon himself before the mathematics of the field could be completely worked out- and how slowly it proceeded, and how mountainous the obstacles--there would at least remain one good mind that would continue the research

Decrypted cipher text 2 (Key):
bilbo was very rich and very peculiar, and had been the wonder of the shire for sixty years, ever since his remarkable disappearance and unexpected return. the riches he had brought back from his travels had now become a local legend, and it was popularly believed, whatever the old folk might say, that the hill at bag end was full of tunnels stuffed with treasure. and if that was not enough for fame, there was also his prolonged vigour to marvel at. time wore on, but it seemed to have little effect on mr. baggins. at ninety he was much the same as at fifty. at ninety-nine they began to call him well-preserved; but unchanged would have been nearer the mark. there were some that shook their heads and thought this was too much of a good thing; it seemed unfair that anyone should possess (apparently) perpetual youth as well as (reputedly) inexhaustible wealth. it will have to be paid for, they said. it isn't natural, and trouble will come of it! but so far trouble had not come; and as mr. baggins was generous with his money, most people were willing to forgive him his oddities and his good fortune. he remained on visiting terms with his relatives (except, of course, the sackville-bagginses), and he had many devoted admirers among the hobbits of poor and unimportant families. but he had no close friends, until some of his younger cousins began to grow up. the eldest of these, and bilbo's favourite, was young frodo baggins. when bilbo was ninety-nine he adopted frodo as his heir, and brought him to live at bag end; and the hopes of the sackville- bagginses were finally dashed. bilbo and frodo happened to have the same birthday, september 22nd. you had better come and live here, frodo my lad, said bilbo one day; and then we can celebrate our birthday-comfortabl parties y together. at that time frodo was still in his tweens, as the hobbits called the irresponsible twenties between childhood and coming of age at thirty-three
